Add invalid file handling to csdb and csv uploads (#51)
ONSdigital/project-brian: README.md

# project-brian
Data pipeline for ONS website

This service converts CSDB or CSV files to JSON for use by time series datasets. 

### Context
Zebedee converts uploaded CSDB or CSV files in time series datasets into separate individual time-series at collection
approval stage. It does this by POSTing the csdb or csv file to Brian and receiving a JSON file in return which it then
processes in 
[DataPublication.java](https://github.com/ONSdigital/zebedee/blob/v2.13.0/zebedee-cms/src/main/java/com/github/onsdigital/zebedee/data/processing/DataPublication.java#L85)
(Link correct as at zebedee v2.13.0)

### How to debug locally

> First obtain a valid CSDB  (for example the 

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
First obtain a valid CSDB  or CSV file. For example…
```

Author: Thank you. This is all a mess. I copied and pasted around here and must have accidentally undone a paste without noticing.

> or CSV file. For exampl…

Reviewer: This line can then be deleted.
